txt2tags

ONE source, MULTI targets

%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%
%
% Welcome to the sources of the txt2tags site
%
% This is a live example of a marked up file in the txt2tags format.
% There are some special tricks you can learn by reading.
% As you may be wondering, lines starting with % are ignored.
%
% Txt2tags generates the HTML code for this text, and all the page
% formatting (colors, sizes, fonts, blocks, position) is made on an
% external CSS file (https://txt2tags.org/inc/site.css).
%
% See those first lines at the top? They are the page heading.
%
% Now comes some special configuration directives, starting with %!
%
% The config used by all pages are centralized on this file
% (https://txt2tags.org/inc/config.t2t) and the "includeconf"
% command reads it.
%
%!includeconf: inc/config.t2t

%%% Some post processing filter magic (search & replace)

% Adds an ID to the <body> tag
% Note: the (?i) makes the pattern case insensitive (avoids headaches)
%!postproc: '(?i)(<body)'	'\1 id="home"'

% meta: keywords
%!postproc: (</HEAD>)	<meta name="keywords" content="txt2tags, convert, conversion, text, HTML, XHTML, SGML, LaTeX, Lout, Man page, Wikipedia, Google Code Wiki, DokuWiki, MoinMoin, MagicPoint, PageMaker, Python, free, tool, markup, Linux, Mac, Windows, GPL">\n\1

% meta: description
%!postproc: (</HEAD>)	<meta name="description" content="txt2tags - Convert plain text to HTML, XHTML, SGML, LaTeX, DocBook, Lout, Man page, Creole, Wikipedia, Google Code Wiki, DokuWiki, PmWiki, MoinMoin, MagicPoint, PageMaker, AsciiDoc and ASCII Art!">\n\1



%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%

%%% All the config is made, so the real contents begins now

% The sidebar with the menu links are on a separated file, included now

%!include: inc/menu.t2t


% And here's our first heading, level 2 (see the two equal signs)

== About txt2tags ==

Txt2tags is a document generator. It reads a text file with minimal
markup such as ``**bold**`` and ``//italic//`` and converts it to many
formats, such as:

- AsciiDoc
- Creole
- DocBook
- DokuWiki
- HTML
- LaTeX
- Lout
- Man page
- MoinMoin
- SGML
- Wikipedia / MediaWiki
- → [See the complete list features.html]


Created by [Aurelio Jargas https://aurelio.net/about.html] in 2001.
Currently maintained by [Florent Gallaire https://github.com/fgallaire]
(v2) and [Jendrik Seipp https://github.com/jendrikseipp] (v3).

- License: GPLv2.

- Read all about the [txt2tags features features.html].

- Learn [the markup markup.html].

- [Download download.html] txt2tags.

- Contribute in [GitHub https://github.com/txt2tags/txt2tags].


% See how lists are simple?
% You got it, right? The markup is very easy.

== About this site ==

This site is 100% powered by txt2tags and [CSS inc/site.css].
No Javascript, CGI or PHP, just plain static
[valid {URLHTMLVALIDATOR}] HTML pages.

You can see the original txt2tags markup for each page, just click the
"See sources" link in the footer.

% Tip for the source readers:
% Change the .html by .t2t on the page address to read the sources

% The footer is an external file

%!include: inc/footer.t2t
